hi I'm Jason I'm Zeebo
and we're cooking sorted foods curd
cottage pie with spiced parsnip mash
yes but instead of potatoes using
rutabaga because this guy can't have
carbs so let's get to it
what have we got Rebecca parsnip flour
milk beef stock cumin thyme bay leaf
krei powder beef mince or as real people
say ground ground beef olive oil billion
parents or sugar shop near para which we
painstakingly chopped ourselves and
tomato paste
yes and we have our water boiling so
that we can cook our parsnips and our
rutabaga and get them ready to mash so
we'll let that boil for like ten or
fifteen minutes and then we'll come back
to it I'm gonna go fight crime
okay so we've boiled our parsnips and
our rutabaga so we are gonna take these
and strain them right over here
so we'll go ahead and mash these so that
we can make the topping right for the
cottage pie toss these not easily I'm
sure I'm just gonna watch you into this
your fancy culinary or my favorite so
we've got our parsnips and rutabaga
we're gonna add our milk and our cool
actually the fat in the milk cokes the
starch in the root vegetables and makes
it smoother really so now that we've got
our hand mashing done we're gonna go
ahead and use a little mixer to get
these nice and smooth so transfer them
into a higher pan so they don't get all
over this oh my god they're still a
little dry should we add a little more
milk
very good
I think I'm a little bit clean here
anyway I do
we got a shot of oil in our pan we're
gonna toss it in the mirepoix we'll let
that all fry up so we're gonna take the
bay leaves we're gonna toss them in
there while we're sauteing the mirepoix
yes and then once we've been sauteing
the mirepoix for a while we can go ahead
and toss in the thyme and the beef mince
there here we go we'll brown the ground
beef and we'll cook everything together
for a little while and let everything
soak up all those flavors I make sure
every file the time I haven't really
made a cottage 5/4 and of course cottage
pie is the English version of shepherd's
pie yes by is made with lamb and fitted
so we'll go ahead and toss the flour in
there we're pretty pattern
and tomato paste in the tube ready so
I've got my pre measured beef stock
ready to go we'll go ahead and toss that
in there
don't be glaze a pan nicely little Lea &
Perrins in there little Worcestershire
sauce not the easiest word to say but I
think I said it better than been your
sauce we're gonna go ahead and cover
this while it simmers for an hour every
container with that we are back and our
meat mix is done cooking done simmering
give a nice final stir
oh man that smells amazing so before we
go further we want to take the bay
leaves out we're gonna grab our baking
dish we'll take the meat mixture we'll
put this in the bottom of the baking
dish get that all shaken out and then
we're ready for our parsnips and
rutabaga parsnips and rutabaga just
lather on there
I do have to say it smells pretty
amazing and the curry curry the cumin
the spices and just the veggies in
general to tell the grade it's no great
get a nice layer of root vegetables on
top of our cottage pie and shove it in
the oven
good so we're gonna go ahead and toss
this in the oven for 15 minutes at 400
degrees Fahrenheit or as sort of tells
us 200 degrees Celsius I prefer to use
Kelvin yes absolutely
I cook everything at Absolute Zero I'm
ready to go right our cottage pie is
done our timer went off we're ready to
gram it out of the oven it's all bubbly
boy I'm here Forks with each of us
careful cause it's super hot there you
are
so sorted scurry cottage pie the spice
personally spiced parsnip mash
good twist on the carbine mmm boy is it
and really good I think it was a
rutabaga I don't think I even notice if
there's anything missing right yeah good
substitute for mashed taters a little
bit of curry powder there gives it just
a tiny bit of kick right excellent
good job guys we love it